[Music]
[Applause]
so guys I'm just going to be braiding
hair okay so we finished up Anna's hair
this is what it looks like from the back
we just did a bunch of braids kind of
down towards the base of her neck so she
can put a pint chilling right here and
then this is new I've never done this
before but we can't put the idea to do
one across the top yeah look at Keys
here first is that would have been fuzzy
because we did how many days ago did we
do yours - okay so I did there are a lot
more on this one there's seven braids
and then this they all go to the back
again so that she can pull go back into
a pony totally this is always fun to do
braids on people this is the day that
we're here at the beach and we're at the
tennis courts it's really hot we just
great I've come to a conclusion that I
absolutely suck at tennis but you know I
just do some cool moves do I make it
into the vlog you gotta give me
something into watchable but the
baseball player has a smaller but they
have less time that's pretty sweet yeah
that's a man in control of his body
right there oh whoa I like ball in that
so guys we are headed to Kroger to get
food for lunch because my mom wasn't
lunch this afternoon I'm gonna ride our
bikes why do you like this little
worried time and then let's see Hannah
Oh Hannah Peter Pan
we're over and we're gonna head in and
get food for lunch
[Music]
are you thinking about getting a
piercing a piercing right there like
General Conference what are you lookin
carry on
why do you need
[Music]
hey power and hey champ ooh and
conditioner shampoo I need it I just so
good it is but I like piña colada better
I like the strawberry better
yeah this is ginormous you have to hold
it okay so we are doing some chocolate
chips tonight you sound so all of them
okay question of the day do you like
white chocolate chip
these are like white chocolate chips
milk chocolate chips or dirt the orange
was I hate the in-service oh yeah I need
those what they're right there sir yeah
these are different you know I don't
listen I only like rival selection look
at me
I only like white chocolate chips in
Jones
there's this private selection okay take
your camera's back I'm gonna do a
one-day juice bun sweet
that means the only dream juice for an
entire day it's like these
no I'm just kidding
[Music]
that's a way it's ridiculous
we're taking all of this in the baskets
of our bikes how do you feel about that
oh man this is better than my car tribe
like I don't even take this good yeah oh
man this better stay up okay I'm right
in the bike I'm currently biking to the
tennis courts because we're gonna play
some more tests the tennis courts are
only like a couple minutes away from
where we live
oh man this is great they're like two
huge and stuff in my basket that I don't
want to fill out okay so it's super fun
we like to do in the night better than
so hot so yeah anyway we're going to be
out here probably until it gets dark I
just took some pictures it was golden
hour technically isn't supposed to be
cold now what hours of sentence it's
supposed to like they're all looking at
me like what is she doing
get all the pretty trees are so pretty
I'm making a turn here do it my dudes
[Music]
very much dad we're over here
you
Oh take your driving but you're writing
yeah so guys we are headed home we
finished up playing for the night and I
really hope you guys enjoyed this vlog I
think I'm gonna cut it short here so I
can just focus on making it home because
I'm about to pass out but I really hope
you enjoyed this video and make sure to
subscribe for new and I'll see you in my
neck
[Music]
what I want